Paxos made simple
L Lamport - ACM Sigact News, 2001
The Paxos algorithm for implementing a fault-tolerant distributed system has been regarded
as difficult to understand, perhaps because the original presentation was Greek to many
readers [5]. In fact, it is among the simplest and most obvious of distributed algorithms. At ...

Revisiting the Paxos algorithm
R De Prisco, B Lampson, N Lynch - 1997
Abstract This paper develops a new I/O automaton model called the Clock General Timed
Automaton (Clock GTA) model. The Clock GTA is based on the General Timed Automaton
(GTA) of Lynch and Vaandrager. The Clock GTA provides a systematic way of describing ...

In search of an understandable consensus algorithm
D Ongaro, J Ousterhout - Draft of October, 2013
Abstract Raft is a consensus algorithm for managing a replicated log. It produces a result
equivalent to (multi-) Paxos, and it is as efficient as Paxos, but its structure is different from
Paxos; this makes Raft more understandable than Paxos and also provides a better ...

Link Delay Inference in ANA Network
E Paintsil - 2008
Estimating quality of service (QoS) parameters such as link delay distribution from the end-to-
end delay of a multicast tree topology in network tomography cannot be achieved without
multicast probing techniques or designing unicast probing packets that mimic the ...

Towards topic maps for a promise theory based configuration management
E Kefialew - 2009
Knowledge management is the major challenge of today. Capturing expert information in a
knowledge base that allows non-experts to locate it requires a carefully designed
knowledge model. We attempt to discover whether the relationship between Topic Maps ...

Fault detection in autonomic networks using the concept of promised cooperation
R Badonnel, M Burgess - Managing Virtualization of Networks and Services, 2007
Abstract Fault detection is a crucial issue in autonomic networks for identifying unreliable
nodes and reducing their impact on the network availability and performance. We propose in
this paper to improve this situation based on the concept of promised cooperation. We ...

Laws of human-computer behaviour and collective organization
M Burgess, S Fagernes - IEEE Transactions on Network and Service …, 1999
Abstract—We begin with two axioms: that system behaviour is an empirical phenomenon and
that organization is a form of behaviour. We derive laws and characterizations of behaviour for
generic systems. In our view behaviour is not determined by internal mech- anisms alone ...

A process algebra based framework for promise theory
J Bergstra, I Bethke, M Burgess - arXiv preprint arXiv:0707.0744, 2007
Abstract: We present a process algebra based approach to formalize the interactions of
computing devices such as the representation of policies and the resolution of conflicts. As
an example we specify how promises may be used in coming to an agreement regarding ...

Promise theory-a model of autonomous objects for pervasive computing and swarms.
M Burgess, S Fagernes - ICNS, 2006
Abstract—The theory of promises describes policy governed services, in a framework of
completely autonomous agents, which assist one another by voluntary cooperation alone.
We propose this as a framework for analysing realistic models of modern networking, and ...
